Add Project Loved: Week of March 10th news post (#2117)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2019-03-10-project-loved-week-of-march-10th.md

[Seiryu - AO-Infinity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/595127#osu) by [Mordred](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7265097) and [Telomere](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6295380)  
*written by [BeasttrollMC](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3171691)*

A map almost lost to time resurfaces to participate in this week's Project Loved voting! Some may recognize this song from a previous Loved map by [RyuK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6304246), however this mapset by Mordred is considered by many to be the first successful and widely accepted rendition of Seiryu's AO-Infinity. This set comes with two difficulties: Vill's EXHAUST at 6.52 stars, and Mordred's INFINITY at 7.09 stars. Each difficulty does a great job at emphasizing the streamy and jumpy nature of the song and creates a perfect environment for players looking for a challenge on some good tunes.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-03-10-project-loved-week-of-march-10th/osu/error.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/FORUM_TOPIC_ID)

[Aimiya Zero - -ERROR](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/426602#osu) by [Yusomi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4174940)  
*written by [BeasttrollMC](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3171691)*

> Known for her high difficulty and jump-based maps, Yusomi returns again with her take on Aimiya Zero's "-ERROR". The song tells a story of a character drowning from their emotions after a heartbreaking separation. Although trivial, the mapset does a clean job of simulating a similar experience. Instead of emotions, any player who attempts this map will find themselves drowning in a barrage of increasingly difficult 200 BPM jumps and bursts. I think it's a fitting theme for the song. The map itself has amassed over 110 favorites since its submission in March of 2016, and is has been recognized by many top players for its difficulty. However, its survival in the voting depends on you. Check out the map and come back to decide its fate in Project Loved!

Reviewer: Some people unfavorited, so approx to 100.
```suggestion
Known for her high difficulty and jump-based maps, Yusomi returns again with her take on Aimiya Zero's "-ERROR". The song tells a story of a character drowning from their emotions after a heartbreaking separation. Although trivial, the mapset does a clean job of simulating a similar experience. Instead of emotions, any player who attempts this map will find themselves drowning in a barrage of increasingly difficult 200 BPM jumps and bursts. I think it's a fitting theme for the song. The map itself has amassed over 100 favorites since its submission in March of 2016, and is has been recognized by many top players for its difficulty. However, its survival in the voting depends on you. Check out the map and come back to decide its fate in Project Loved!
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-03-10-project-loved-week-of-march-10th/osu/night-club-junkie.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/FORUM_TOPIC_ID)

[YUC'e - Night Club Junkie](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/756066#osu) by [Nathan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4785223) and [fanzhen0019](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/418699)  
*written by [DigitalHypno](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4384207)*

Gather 'round the nightclub, everyone! Rumor has it that there's a spicy new YUC'e song trying to make its way into the Loved category. The mapset is hosted by Nathan and has one difficulty from him and a guest difficulty from fanzhen0019. Seems promising—let's check out the details. Both difficulties are centered around slider overlap reading, each with their own overlap gimmick that's executed throughout the entire map. Well, give me your thoughts! Check out the map for yourself, then come on back and drop your vote on whether or not this mapset should be brought to the Loved category.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-03-10-project-loved-week-of-march-10th/osu/60th-summer-of-love.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/FORUM_TOPIC_ID)

> [forest - 60th Summer of Love](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/803415#osu) by [Fushimi Rio](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1205412)  

Reviewer: I think `Forest` (upper) is the correct one as i [googled it](https://utaite.fandom.com/wiki/Usa).

Author: @dorothy3242 could you provide a source for that, I'm assuming yours is correct

Author: dorothy says
http://forest.lovepop.jp/
https://colorful-bouquet.tumblr.com/
https://hana-forest.booth.pm/items/580067

so lowercase is OK :+1:

[Renard - Dash Hopes 3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/53059#osu) by [Rizumu Tenshi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/865703)  
*written by [-Roxas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1986262)*

Now here's a big boy map appearing in voting, Rizumu Tenshi (formerly Baka Tenshi)'s "Renard - Dash Hopes 3". It's far from the easier side of maps and more close to the "completely insane" side. This map is not for the faint of heart, as it is an intense workout for the fingers: if you didn't know already, this map is just 300 BPM burst streams, and if that wasn't scary enough, the star rating ranges from 8.3 to 9.5. If you do give this map a bash, be sure you are very prepared before taking on this monster!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-03-10-project-loved-week-of-march-10th/osu/planet-shaper.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/FORUM_TOPIC_ID)

[Camellia - PLANET//SHAPER](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/611729#osu) by [09kami](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/443031) and [Leader](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/631530)  
*written by [-Roxas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1986262)*

> We're back with another fun 09kami map, this time being "Camellia - PLANET//SHAPER". This map, similar to his other maps, is very slider and tech heavy. In addition, this map also has 2B patterns chucked in throughout the map, making it a bit more unique than the rest. If this is your type of map, then what are you waiting for? Give it a try! With the map being favorites by many players, including notable names like [rrtyui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352328), [Akali](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2127359) and [yf\_bmp](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1243669), you won't be let down. The star rating does hit 7, so it may be a bit of a challenge, but don't be afraid! You never know how well you'll do until you play it.

Reviewer: `does hit` -> `almost hits`
```suggestion
We're back with another fun 09kami map, this time being "Camellia - PLANET//SHAPER". This map, similar to his other maps, is very slider and tech heavy. In addition, this map also has 2B patterns chucked in throughout the map, making it a bit more unique than the rest. If this is your type of map, then what are you waiting for? Give it a try! With the map being favorites by many players, including notable names like [rrtyui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352328), [Akali](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2127359) and [yf\_bmp](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1243669), you won't be let down. The star rating almost hits 7, so it may be a bit of a challenge, but don't be afraid! You never know how well you'll do until you play it.
```
